Make citing-kokkos a top level alias on kokkos.org (#177)
kokkos/kokkos.github.io: content/about/publications.md

tags: [""]
---

This is a list of publications describing the Kokkos Ecosystem.

## Citing Kokkos

> For a list of recommended citations please go to [Citing Kokkos](https://kokkos.org/citing-kokkos).

Reviewer: What about
```suggestion
To ensure proper attribution in your work, please refer to our [Citing Kokkos](https://kokkos.org/citing-kokkos) page for a list of recommended citations.
```
